well here we go again
this is the 1959 austin-healey 106 but I
just bought and I'm starting to strip it
down it's not it's a complete complete
restoration job really but it's
basically complete the body panels
appear to be very very straight but then
I thought my mga panels are very
straight as well it's all as I say
complete I've started removing some trim
pieces from the inside of the doors
there's some rust in there in there in
the usual spots of course but you're
going to have to be dealt with I've had
the motor running it actually runs well
it's reasonably tidy and I think the
numbers match but time will tell it's
still running on the original radiator
and this is had a recall its dated 1959
which is the manufacturing date of the
car it's one of the last hundred of
these made really and about the fourth
youngest one that's known to be an
existent no it's all the little bits and
pieces are here the inside panels things
like these sorts of screws and things
that are holding everything together
appear to be original I don't think it's
all that molested
it came with a new fuel tank I think
it's probably a Moss one and the crime
is not bad I've polished up very quickly
with brass oh but you know it's actually
not bad and most of the crime on it's
probably okay certainly the radiator
grille is in very good condition
first rate and as either bumpers really
you know it's the at the 14th of
December 2012 and I've got a I guess
that I'm doing do some serious pulling
apart its 27th of January 2012 and I've
taken off all the major panels from the
car plus some other bits and pieces off
the engine so it's really coming on
quite well it wasn't too difficult and
we have some rust in the front in the
sills there which I should have to
attend to on both sides usual places I
guess and also in the b-pillar there and
the bottom of this reinforcing filler
here
tunnels themselves pretty straight but
this is the boot floor which is dead and
will be replaced I knew that when I
bought the floor doesn't seem to be bad
but we'll see we have the same rust in
here inner seal runs right along of
course and then that same there same
problem there so all that will be
replaced but panels themselves the
aluminium panels in the dog house and
very straight it's all been stashed away
over here but there are hardly any dents
in them at all and a couple of very
minor ones there's one right up in that
little area there this headlight on this
side just here has been knocked in at
some point so I'll have to knock that
back out and there's a little bit of
filler in this area here but that is
about it it doesn't look like the cars
ever had a front end shunt and certainly
not a back in shunt because the these
back panels here these back sections
here support pieces which were very
easily damaged are very straight and
that's a dead giveaway if a car is had a
bang there are a few little dings in it
but nothing serious
certainly compared to this car this mga
which was in a very poor state of repair
when I came to restore it so um I think
I've made some headway
I just hasn't have a little extra to
that it's quite plain here to see where
all the original filler and pieces sort
of mastic has been on and I'm quite
convinced the car has never been apart
and this is all the original mastic seam
sealer along here and the metal
underneath isn't rusty at all it's like
new so I think really the overall finish
of the car the condition of the car is
is excellent really compared to what
some of them are like of course once I
heard it all shot blasted well a few
more things that probably come to light
that I won't like but there you go
that's the Hobby I suppose